Limbo

THe first time i ve encountered this word was when i was a child, seeing my father play this black and white puzzle game, back then, he used to play games quite often, balancing between 
	somewhat young couple life, studies and parenting. I always admired him and always will.

The always resonated like the name that a dance would have. Limbo, some back and forth with death, edging, if you will, fate. Or maybe a wicked game that some guy up there played with
	your life. It all sounded very mystic.

The next time I would hear of it will be at age like 7, when a friend would give me a comic called "Seuls", which would translate to "Alones", in which the whole civilisation vanished, 
	leaving only kids that, we learn about it later, died and would reincarnate in the limbs, that place where, as the religion gives it, non-baptized children go when they die.
Very grim, bla bla. The story still is very interesting with character having some depth to their stories, good plot, treason and all that teen story things ( not to say they re bad 
	but it doesnt beat those allegations ) and if they ever translate the story in english, I'd higly recommend you to give it a try.


And even though i am not dead yet, I have found myself dancing in this non-land, following the rythm of events in my life, getting carried by them. Living on "maybe"s, "I think"s or the 
	almighty "I dont know". Wanting to live up to the expectations, match the skills of my peers, blending in or learning alltogether how to interact as a social animal.
		

		This is my LIMBO.


So the rigorous definition

In Catholic theology, Limbo (Latin: limbus, 'edge' or 'boundary', referring to the edge of Hell) is the afterlife condition of those who die in original sin without being assigned to the 
Hell of the Damned. Medieval theologians of Western Europe described the underworld ("hell", "hades", "infernum") as divided into three distinct parts: Hell of the Damned,[2] Limbo of 
the Fathers or Patriarchs, and Limbo of the Infants. The Limbo of the Fathers is an official doctrine of the Catholic Church, but the Limbo of the Infants is not.[3] The concept of Limbo 
comes from the idea that, in the case of Limbo of the Fathers, good people were not able to achieve heaven just because they were born before the birth of Jesus Christ. This is also true 
for Limbo of the Infants in that simply because a child died before baptism, does not mean they deserve punishment, though they cannot achieve salvation.

( i aint reading allat so copy paste from wikipedia )


The definition i will go for, and the one that will stick until the end of the essay will be 
	A mental space of uncertainty


Uncertainty was for me:
 - that numbness that surrounded my teen life, after some romantic altercation, life became clouded, I didn't see it that much at first but colors weren't that bright or vivid anymore and 
	my vision was legitimely, or so i felt like, foggier than before. So I was somewhat uncertain of what was expected from me from other people and what growing up shoud be like

 - I was and still am uncertain of what I should yearn for, what I should go for in life, if my career choice is good, of course money wise Computer Science is as good as it gets 
	but will I grow tired or bored of it ?

There is this topic on many other videos but I really hate to call it the way everyone does, as I've seen in so many ways, people love to generalize, to put words on themes of the mind. 
	It might be comforting to get words for something troubling or affecting us but how accurate is this term ? How well does "autism" really describe you, because half of the people
	I know say they are autistic in some way, shape or form. How likely is that this very word could describe your condition as well as the one affecting those thousand of other people?

Words are meant to communicate complex ideas and they do not meet this expectation, so yeah.

Went on a tengent here but this was to justify a custom definition.


A format I like would look a bit like this :
 - Introduction
 - definition of the topic
 - random bs ( personal experience or story ig )
 - 


As I am one year younger ( or more ) than most of the people in my life, I always had that thought of: "I will be like this in 1 year", or "this is what i'm living up to". 